 A Simple PDF File 

 This is a small demonstration .pdf file - 

 just for use in the Virtual Mechanics tutorials. More text. And more 
 text. And more text. And more text. And more text. 

 And more text. And more text. And more text. And more text. And more 
 text. And more text. Boring, zzzzz. And more text. And more text. And 
 more text. And more text. And more text. And more text. And more text. 
 And more text. And more text. 

 And more text. And more text. And more text. And more text. And more 
 text. And more text. And more text. Even more. Continued on page 2 ...

 Simple PDF File 2 

 ...continued from page 1. Yet more text. And more text. And more text. 
 And more text. And more text. And more text. And more text. And more 
 text. Oh, how boring typing this stuff. But not as boring as watching 
 paint dry. And more text. And more text. And more text. And more text. 
 Boring.  More, a little more text. The end, and just as well. 

Dummy PDF file

Adobe Acrobat PDF Files

Adobe® Portable Document Format (PDF) is a universal file format that preserves all
of the fonts, formatting, colours and graphics  of any  source document,  regardless of
the application and platform used to create it.

Adobe PDF is an ideal format for electronic document distribution as it overcomes the
problems commonly encountered with electronic file sharing.

•  Anyone, anywhere can open a PDF file. All you need is the free Adobe Acrobat
Reader.  Recipients  of  other  file  formats  sometimes  can't  open  files  because  they
don't have the applications used to create the documents.

•  PDF files always print correctly on any printing device.

•  PDF  files  always  display  exactly  as  created,  regardless  of  fonts,  software,  and
operating systems. Fonts, and graphics are not lost due to platform, software, and
version incompatibilities.

•  The  free  Acrobat  Reader  is  easy  to  download  and  can  be  freely  distributed  by

anyone.

•  Compact  PDF  files  are  smaller  than  their  source  files  and  download  a

page at a time for fast display on the Web.

PDF Test File 

Congratulations, your computer is equipped with a PDF (Portable Document Format) 
reader!  You should be able to view any of the PDF documents and forms available on 
our site.  PDF forms are indicated by these icons: 

  or  

.   

Yukon Department of Education 
Box 2703 
Whitehorse,Yukon 
Canada 
Y1A 2C6 

Please visit our website at:  http://www.education.gov.yk.ca/

 
 
 
 
 
   

